README.md, before:

Electrum-XVG for TOR - 
------------------------------------------------
lightweight VERGE client for connecting 
------------------------------------------------
to the XVG Tor Electrum Server
------------------------------------------------
![Electrum-XVG](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor/master/electrumlogo.png)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor)

Licence: GNU GPL v3

Authors: Sunerok, Bitspill, Whit3water & CryptoRekt

Language: Python

Homepage: http://VERGEcurrency.com/

Download TOR: https://www.torproject.org/download/download

For binary windows release, just run Tor, and then run the electrum .exe

![electrum-windows](http://i.imgur.com/E4zj9JL.png)




1.a) GETTING STARTED WITH UBUNTU/LINUX
---------------------------------------------
sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install tor

sudo service tor start && sudo service tor stop

now go to /etc/tor/ and edit the torrc file. (you can use sudo nano torrc)

you just need to remove the # before the line that starts with SocksPort 9050

then save torrc, and go back to command prompt and type sudo service tor restart.

now we install the electrum wallet!

sudo apt-get install git pyqt4-dev-tools python-pip python-dev python-slowaes python-pip

sudo pip install pyasn1 pyasn1-modules pbkdf2 tlslite qrcode

git clone https://github.com/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor && cd electrum-xvg-tor

pyrcc4 icons.qrc -o gui/qt/icons_rc.py

sudo python setup.py install

chmod +x ./electrum-xvg


To run Electrum from this directory, just do:
---------------------------------------------
  ./electrum-xvg


To start Electrum from your web browser, see
--------------------------------------------
http://electrum-verge.xyz/Verge_URIs.html


To update your copy of the electrum client:
-------------------------------------------
cd electrum-xvg

git pull

sudo python setup.py install




1.b) INSTALLING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/tor-browser

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install tor-browser

---------------------------------------------

Once the installation has completed, Launch the tor browser from the dash. 

Before you can use Tor browser you need to configure the Tor network settings. If you currently reside in a country that does not have connection limitations on Tor, Simply press connect and Tor browser will automatically configure itself.

---------------------------------------------
*Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.*
---------------------------------------------



1.c) TOR BROWSER SETUP INSTRUCTIONS FOR COUNTRIES WITH RESTRICTIONS 
---------------------------------------------

If Tor is blocked in your country like China:

1.) Click the Configure button to use a bridge or proxy to connect to Tor.

2.) In the next window, Select Yes.

3.) Next, select the default obfs4 bridge.

4.) The next window asks you if you need to use a local proxy to access the Internet. Normally you can connect the Tor network via Tor bridge so just select No.

After that, the Tor browser will try to establish a connection to the Tor network.

If the connection failed, then go back to the previous step and configure a proxy to access the Internet. See 1.d below



1.d)SETUP INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHADOWSOCKS
---------------------------------------------
## Debian/Ubuntu

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install python-pip 
sudo apt-get install python-setuptools m2crypto
sudo pip install shadowsocks

## CentOS/RHEL

sudo yum install m2crypto python-setuptools
sudo easy_install pip
sudo pip install shadowsocks

## Create a configuration file:

sudo nano /etc/shadowsocks.json

## Put the following text into the file:

	{
	"server":"your_server_ip",
	"server_port":8000,
	"local_port":1080,
	"password":"your_passwd",
	"timeout":600,
	"method":"aes-256-cfb"
	}

## Explanation of each field:

    server:  your hostname or server IP (IPv4/IPv6).
    server_port:  server port number.
    local_port:  local port number.
    password:  a password used to encrypt transfer.
    timeout:  connections timeout in seconds.
    method:  encryption method, “bf-cfb”, “aes-256-cfb”, “des-cfb”, “rc4”, etc. Default is table, which is not secure. “aes-256-cfb” is recommended.

## To save:

CTRL+X > Y > ENTER

## Start shadowsocks server:

sudo ssserver -c /etc/shadowsocks.json -d start

## To stop shadowsocks server:

sudo ssserver -d stop

## Restart Shadowsocks server:

sudo ssserver -c /etc/shadowsocks.json -d restart

## Check Shadowsocks log

less /var/log/shadowsocks.log

## Automatically start shadowsocks service

sudo nano /etc/rc.local

## Add the following lines above exit 0 line in rc.local:

## Automatically start shadowsocks client
/usr/bin/python /usr/bin/sslocal -c /etc/shadowsocks.json

---------------------------------------------
*Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.*
---------------------------------------------




2.) GETTING STARTED WITH WINDOWS
---------------------------------------------

#download this repo as a zip and extract it to where you would like it to run from: 
https://github.com/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg/archive/master.zip

#download python 2.7 for windows here: 
https://www.python.org/ftp/python/2.7.10/python-2.7.10.msi

#download Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler for Python 2.7 here: 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=44266

#download python qt4: 
http://sourceforge.net/projects/pyqt/files/PyQt4/PyQt-4.11.3/PyQt4-4.11.3-gpl-Py2.7-Qt4.8.6-x64.exe

#then in MS Visual Studio command prompt (32 or 64 bit), cd into the directory electrum-xvg-tor-master then:

pyrcc4 icons.qrc -o gui/qt/icons_rc.py

python -m pip install --upgrade pip

python -m pip install pyasn1 pyasn1-modules pbkdf2 tlslite qrcode ecdsa ltc_scrypt

py setup.py install

py electrum-xvg



2.b) INSTALLING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

#download Tor browser here:
https://www.torproject.org/download/download-easy.html.en#windows

#Execute the file you downloaded to extract the Tor Browser into a folder on your computer.

#Create a shotcut to Tor browser on your Desktop

#Then simply click on “Start Tor Browser.”

---------------------------------------------
*Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.*
---------------------------------------------



3.) INSTALLING WITH MAC OSX
---------------------------------------------

install python if you dont already have it.

https://www.torproject.org/dist/torbrowser/7.5.3/torbrowser-install-7.5.3_en-US.exe

pip intall slowaes

python setup.py build

Modify electrum-xvg and change python2 to python in the first line

sudo python setup.py install

then install tor and modify the torrc file, by removing the # from in front of SocksProxy, and change the 9150 to 9050.

restart tor, then launch wallet by 

py electrum-xvg




3.b) INSTALLING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

1.)

#Options 1: download Tor browser here:
https://www.torproject.org/dist/torbrowser/7.5.3/TorBrowser-7.5.3-osx64_en-US.dmg

#Option 2: If you are in a location where access to the Tor Project website is blocked:

you can request a copy of the Tor Browser Bundle installer via email. 

To do this, send an email to gettor@torproject.org with the version of Tor you want in the body of the email (e.g., Windows if you have a Windows computer, OSX if you use an Mac Computer, or Linux if you use a Linux-based computer).

You will receive a reply to your email with a link to download the installer via several locations online.


2.) Navigate to the folder in which you saved the Tor Browser package (a .dmg file beginning with 'Tor Browser'). In this example, we assume you saved file in your Downloads file.

3.) Double-click the Tor Browser .dmg file to mount it as a disk image. It should show up as in a new window and under Devices in the left-hand sidebar of a normal Finder window.

4.) Drag the TorBrowser.app into your Applications folder.

5.) Before we start using TorBrowser, we should unmount (or 'eject') the TorBrowser disk image. Find Tor Browser under Devices in the Finder sidebar. Click on the {eject} icon next to it in the sidebar to unmount the disk image.




3.c) CONFIGURING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

1.)  Navigate to the Tor Browser in your Applications folder and open the application.


2.)  Depending on your security settings in System Preferences, you may now see a notification telling you that Tor Browser is from an ’unidentified developer’.

2.1) Open System Preferences by clicking on the Apple icon in the top-level menu and scrolling down to select System Preferences.

2.2) Click on Security & Privacy in the top row of System Preferences.

2.3) In the Security & Privacy section of System Preferences, you should see your Gatekeeper settings in the bottom half of the window. 

2.4) You will see "TorBrowser.app" was blocked from opening becasue it is not from an identified developer. 

2.5) Select "Open Anyway"


3.) Upon opening Tor browser you will be prompted to either 'connect' or 'configure'

3.1) To connect directly to the Tor network, click [Connect].




3.d) CONFIGURE TOR BIRDGES (OPTIONAL)
---------------------------------------------

1.) Click the Configure button to use a bridge or proxy to connect to Tor.

2.) In the next window, Select Yes.

3.) Next, select the default obfs4 bridge.

4.) The next window asks you if you need to use a local proxy to access the Internet. Normally you can connect the Tor network via Tor bridge so just select No.


After that, the Tor browser will try to establish a connection to the Tor network.


---------------------------------------------
**Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.**
---------------------------------------------




4.) HOW OFFICIAL PACKAGES ARE CREATED
---------------------------------------------

python mki18n.py

pyrcc4 icons.qrc -o gui/qt/icons_rc.py

python setup.py sdist --format=zip,gztar

On Mac OS X:

  # On port based installs
  
  sudo python setup-release.py py2app

  # On brew installs
  
  ARCHFLAGS="-arch i386 -arch x86_64" sudo python setup-release.py py2app --includes sip

  sudo hdiutil create -fs HFS+ -volname "Electrum-XVG" -srcfolder dist/Electrum-XVG.app dist/electrum-xvg-VERSION-macosx.dmg

Commit message:

Removed unofficial PPA - Added official distribution site

README.md, after:

Electrum-XVG for TOR - 
------------------------------------------------
lightweight VERGE client for connecting 
------------------------------------------------
to the XVG Tor Electrum Server
------------------------------------------------
![Electrum-XVG](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor/master/electrumlogo.png)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor)

Licence: GNU GPL v3

Authors: Sunerok, Bitspill, Whit3water & CryptoRekt

Language: Python

Homepage: http://VERGEcurrency.com/

Download TOR: https://www.torproject.org/download/download

For binary windows release, just run Tor, and then run the electrum .exe

![electrum-windows](http://i.imgur.com/E4zj9JL.png)




1.a) GETTING STARTED WITH UBUNTU/LINUX
---------------------------------------------
sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install tor

sudo service tor start && sudo service tor stop

now go to /etc/tor/ and edit the torrc file. (you can use sudo nano torrc)

you just need to remove the # before the line that starts with SocksPort 9050

then save torrc, and go back to command prompt and type sudo service tor restart.

now we install the electrum wallet!

sudo apt-get install git pyqt4-dev-tools python-pip python-dev python-slowaes python-pip

sudo pip install pyasn1 pyasn1-modules pbkdf2 tlslite qrcode

git clone https://github.com/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg-tor && cd electrum-xvg-tor

pyrcc4 icons.qrc -o gui/qt/icons_rc.py

sudo python setup.py install

chmod +x ./electrum-xvg


To run Electrum from this directory, just do:
---------------------------------------------
  ./electrum-xvg


To start Electrum from your web browser, see
--------------------------------------------
http://electrum-verge.xyz/Verge_URIs.html


To update your copy of the electrum client:
-------------------------------------------
cd electrum-xvg

git pull

sudo python setup.py install




1.b) INSTALLING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

1.) Download the latest Tor browser from the official distribution website:
	https://www.torproject.org/projects/torbrowser.html.en

2.) Download the architecture-appropriate file above, save it somewhere, then run one of the following two commands to extract the package archive:

	tar -xvJf tor-browser-linux32-7.5.3_LANG.tar.xz

or (for the 64-bit version):

	tar -xvJf tor-browser-linux64-7.5.3_LANG.tar.xz

(where LANG is the language listed in the filename).

3.) Once that's done, switch to the Tor browser directory by running:
	
	cd tor-browser_LANG

4.) To run Tor Browser, click either on the Tor Browser or the Tor Browser Setup icon or execute the start-tor-browser.desktop file in a terminal:

	./start-tor-browser.desktop


Note: Before you can use Tor browser you need to configure the Tor network settings. If you currently reside in a country that does not have connection limitations on Tor, Simply press connect and Tor browser will automatically configure itself.

---------------------------------------------
*Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.*
---------------------------------------------



1.c) TOR BROWSER SETUP INSTRUCTIONS FOR COUNTRIES WITH RESTRICTIONS 
---------------------------------------------

If Tor is blocked in your country like China:

1.) Click the Configure button to use a bridge or proxy to connect to Tor.

2.) In the next window, Select Yes.

3.) Next, select the default obfs4 bridge.

4.) The next window asks you if you need to use a local proxy to access the Internet. Normally you can connect the Tor network via Tor bridge so just select No.

After that, the Tor browser will try to establish a connection to the Tor network.

If the connection failed, then go back to the previous step and configure a proxy to access the Internet. See 1.d below



1.d)SETUP INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHADOWSOCKS
---------------------------------------------
## Debian/Ubuntu

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install python-pip 
sudo apt-get install python-setuptools m2crypto
sudo pip install shadowsocks

## CentOS/RHEL

sudo yum install m2crypto python-setuptools
sudo easy_install pip
sudo pip install shadowsocks

## Create a configuration file:

sudo nano /etc/shadowsocks.json

## Put the following text into the file:

	{
	"server":"your_server_ip",
	"server_port":8000,
	"local_port":1080,
	"password":"your_passwd",
	"timeout":600,
	"method":"aes-256-cfb"
	}

## Explanation of each field:

    server:  your hostname or server IP (IPv4/IPv6).
    server_port:  server port number.
    local_port:  local port number.
    password:  a password used to encrypt transfer.
    timeout:  connections timeout in seconds.
    method:  encryption method, “bf-cfb”, “aes-256-cfb”, “des-cfb”, “rc4”, etc. Default is table, which is not secure. “aes-256-cfb” is recommended.

## To save:

CTRL+X > Y > ENTER

## Start shadowsocks server:

sudo ssserver -c /etc/shadowsocks.json -d start

## To stop shadowsocks server:

sudo ssserver -d stop

## Restart Shadowsocks server:

sudo ssserver -c /etc/shadowsocks.json -d restart

## Check Shadowsocks log

less /var/log/shadowsocks.log

## Automatically start shadowsocks service

sudo nano /etc/rc.local

## Add the following lines above exit 0 line in rc.local:

## Automatically start shadowsocks client
/usr/bin/python /usr/bin/sslocal -c /etc/shadowsocks.json

---------------------------------------------
*Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.*
---------------------------------------------




2.) GETTING STARTED WITH WINDOWS
---------------------------------------------

#download this repo as a zip and extract it to where you would like it to run from: 
https://github.com/vergecurrency/electrum-xvg/archive/master.zip

#download python 2.7 for windows here: 
https://www.python.org/ftp/python/2.7.10/python-2.7.10.msi

#download Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler for Python 2.7 here: 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=44266

#download python qt4: 
http://sourceforge.net/projects/pyqt/files/PyQt4/PyQt-4.11.3/PyQt4-4.11.3-gpl-Py2.7-Qt4.8.6-x64.exe

#then in MS Visual Studio command prompt (32 or 64 bit), cd into the directory electrum-xvg-tor-master then:

pyrcc4 icons.qrc -o gui/qt/icons_rc.py

python -m pip install --upgrade pip

python -m pip install pyasn1 pyasn1-modules pbkdf2 tlslite qrcode ecdsa ltc_scrypt

py setup.py install

py electrum-xvg



2.b) INSTALLING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

#download Tor browser here:
https://www.torproject.org/download/download-easy.html.en#windows

#Execute the file you downloaded to extract the Tor Browser into a folder on your computer.

#Create a shotcut to Tor browser on your Desktop

#Then simply click on “Start Tor Browser.”

---------------------------------------------
*Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.*
---------------------------------------------



3.) INSTALLING WITH MAC OSX
---------------------------------------------

install python if you dont already have it.

https://www.torproject.org/dist/torbrowser/7.5.3/torbrowser-install-7.5.3_en-US.exe

pip intall slowaes

python setup.py build

Modify electrum-xvg and change python2 to python in the first line

sudo python setup.py install

then install tor and modify the torrc file, by removing the # from in front of SocksProxy, and change the 9150 to 9050.

restart tor, then launch wallet by 

py electrum-xvg




3.b) INSTALLING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

1.)

#Options 1: download Tor browser here:
https://www.torproject.org/dist/torbrowser/7.5.3/TorBrowser-7.5.3-osx64_en-US.dmg

#Option 2: If you are in a location where access to the Tor Project website is blocked:

you can request a copy of the Tor Browser Bundle installer via email. 

To do this, send an email to gettor@torproject.org with the version of Tor you want in the body of the email (e.g., Windows if you have a Windows computer, OSX if you use an Mac Computer, or Linux if you use a Linux-based computer).

You will receive a reply to your email with a link to download the installer via several locations online.


2.) Navigate to the folder in which you saved the Tor Browser package (a .dmg file beginning with 'Tor Browser'). In this example, we assume you saved file in your Downloads file.

3.) Double-click the Tor Browser .dmg file to mount it as a disk image. It should show up as in a new window and under Devices in the left-hand sidebar of a normal Finder window.

4.) Drag the TorBrowser.app into your Applications folder.

5.) Before we start using TorBrowser, we should unmount (or 'eject') the TorBrowser disk image. Find Tor Browser under Devices in the Finder sidebar. Click on the {eject} icon next to it in the sidebar to unmount the disk image.




3.c) CONFIGURING TOR BROWSER
---------------------------------------------

1.)  Navigate to the Tor Browser in your Applications folder and open the application.


2.)  Depending on your security settings in System Preferences, you may now see a notification telling you that Tor Browser is from an ’unidentified developer’.

2.1) Open System Preferences by clicking on the Apple icon in the top-level menu and scrolling down to select System Preferences.

2.2) Click on Security & Privacy in the top row of System Preferences.

2.3) In the Security & Privacy section of System Preferences, you should see your Gatekeeper settings in the bottom half of the window. 

2.4) You will see "TorBrowser.app" was blocked from opening becasue it is not from an identified developer. 

2.5) Select "Open Anyway"


3.) Upon opening Tor browser you will be prompted to either 'connect' or 'configure'

3.1) To connect directly to the Tor network, click [Connect].




3.d) CONFIGURE TOR BIRDGES (OPTIONAL)
---------------------------------------------

1.) Click the Configure button to use a bridge or proxy to connect to Tor.

2.) In the next window, Select Yes.

3.) Next, select the default obfs4 bridge.

4.) The next window asks you if you need to use a local proxy to access the Internet. Normally you can connect the Tor network via Tor bridge so just select No.


After that, the Tor browser will try to establish a connection to the Tor network.


---------------------------------------------
**Tor Browser is required to be open and running in the background in order for the electrum tor wallet to connect.**
---------------------------------------------




4.) HOW OFFICIAL PACKAGES ARE CREATED
---------------------------------------------

python mki18n.py

pyrcc4 icons.qrc -o gui/qt/icons_rc.py

python setup.py sdist --format=zip,gztar

On Mac OS X:

  # On port based installs
  
  sudo python setup-release.py py2app

  # On brew installs
  
  ARCHFLAGS="-arch i386 -arch x86_64" sudo python setup-release.py py2app --includes sip

  sudo hdiutil create -fs HFS+ -volname "Electrum-XVG" -srcfolder dist/Electrum-XVG.app dist/electrum-xvg-VERSION-macosx.dmg
